---
title: "About"
bg: green
color: black
style: left
fa-icon: info-circle
---

#Disclaimer

This website contains general information about FDA (Food and Drug Administration) recalled food products. The information provided is not advice and should not be treated as such.

##About this Website

This website was developed in 10 days as part of the GSA Agile BPA RFQ. It is experimental, pre-production code. Regardless, we hope it is useful to the general public and encourage you to explore it and give us feedback.

##No Warranties / Limitation of Liability

Information provided on this website is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. Unified Business Technologies, Inc assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this website. Your use of this website is at your own risk. Under no circumstances should Unified Business Technologies, Inc, its suppliers, or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this websites contents be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, direct, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from your use of this website.

Information provided on this website is taken from an experimental research data set. As such, there are no guarantees that the information

+ Will be constantly available.
+ Is true, accurate, complete, current, or non-misleading.

Food recall and enforcement data is provided by OpenFDA based on voluntarily reported data, and has various limitations.